Throughout recorded time, and probably since the end of the Neolithic Age, there have been three kinds of
people in the world, the High, the Middle, and the Low. They have been subdivided in many ways, they have
borne countless different names, and their relative numbers, as well as their attitude towards one another,
have varied from age to age: but the essential structure of society has never altered. Even after enormous
upheavals and seemingly irrevocable changes, the same pattern has always reasserted itself, just as a
gyroscope will always return to equilibrium, however far it is pushed one way or the other.The aims of
these groups are entirely irreconcilable...
@ text 1
Traditional folk music has been defined
in several ways: as music transmitted orally, music with unknown composers, music that is played on
traditional instruments, music about cultural or national identity, music that changes between
generations (folk process), music associated with a people's folklore or music performed by custom over a
long period of time. It has been contrasted with commercial and classical styles.
@ text 2
French is Quebec's official language and 94.6% of the province's population reports knowledge of French.
Quebec French is the local variety, and there are 14 regional accents deriving from it. Quebec is
renowned for its unique and vibrant culture. The province has its own celebrities, and produces its own
literature, music, films, TV shows, festivals, folklore, songs, art and more.
@ text 3
We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high powered blotter acid, a
salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers...
and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls.
Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the
tendency is to push it as far as you can.
@ text 4
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show
to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make
more shows. Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred
in one of the ones that became nothing.
@ text 5
When you're dining in Japan, it's important to never stick your chopsticks into your food to rest them
when you're not eating. This actually resembles a ceremony performed at funerals in Japan, and it's
considered to be a bad omen. For the same reason, it's also taboo to share food with others by passing
it chopsticks to chopsticks. If you want to share, use your chopsticks to place the food on the other
person's plate.
@ text 6
"Synth-pop" is sometimes used interchangeably with "electropop", but "electropop" may also denote a
variant of synth-pop that places more emphasis on a harder, more electronic sound. In the mid to
late 1980s, duos such as Erasure and Pet Shop Boys adopted a style that was highly successful on the
US dance charts, but by the end of the decade, the 'new wave' synth-pop of bands such as A-ha and
Alphaville was giving way to house music and techno. Interest in new wave synth-pop began to revive
in the indietronica and electroclash movements in the late 1990s, and in the 2000s synth-pop enjoyed a
widespread revival and commercial success.
@ text 7
Attention span is the amount of time spent concentrating on a task before becoming distracted.
Distractibility occurs when attention is uncontrollably diverted to another activity or sensation.
Most educators and psychologists agree that the ability to focus and sustain attention is crucial for a
person to achieve 75% their goals. Attention training is said to be part of education, particularly in
the way students are trained to remain focused on a topic of observation or discussion for extended
periods, developing listening and analytical skills in the process.
@ text 8
It started with Generation X, people born between 1965-1980. The preceding generation was the Baby
Boomers, born 1946-1964. Post World War II, Americans enjoyed new-found prosperity, which resulted in a
"baby boom." The children born as a result were dubbed the Baby Boomers. But the generation that followed
the Boomers didn’t have a blatant cultural identifier. In fact, that’s the anecdotal origin of the term
Gen X — illustrating the undetermined characteristics they would come to be known by. Depending on whom
you ask, it was either sociologists, a novelist, or Billy Idol who cemented this phrase in our vocabulary.